Update web export instructions for Godot 4.3+ (#74)
godot-rust/gdext-book: src/toolchain/export-web.md

```

## Thread support (Godot 4.3 or later)

The above settings assume that multi-threading support is always needed for your extension. However, starting with Godot 4.3, when the end user

> exports a game to the web, Godot includes an option to disable Thread support in the web export menu

Reviewer: Italics, since it's a verbatim option:
```suggestion
exports a game to the web, Godot includes an option to disable _Thread support_ in the web export menu
```
Please also in other places.

(see the image in the ["Godot editor setup" section](#godot-editor-setup)), with the goal of having the exported game run in more environments,
including older browsers, as well as webservers without Cross-Origin Isolation support.

> If the end user disables Thread support using that new option, however, your extension, without any changes, would break.

Reviewer: Simplified flow + conjunctive + italics:
```suggestion
If the end user disabled _Thread support_ without applying any other changes, your extension would break.
```

Author: I changed it a bit further to indicate that the necessary changes should come from the extension developer. Feel free to unresolve if you'd prefer another way.

> If you'd like to support builds without thread support as well, you will need to update your build setup as follows:

Reviewer: Here you're talking about the usage of threads, not the option, right?
```suggestion
If you'd like to support builds without multithreading as well, you will need to update your build setup as follows:
```

1. To build **without any multi-threading support** (that is, to have your extension only work when "Thread support" is disabled),
you must remove the line with the `-pthread` flag from `.cargo/config.toml`,

> as well as enable the [`experimental-wasm-nothreads`][api-cargo-features] gdext feature in `Cargo.toml`.

Reviewer: Also here, italics instead of quotes, and maybe line length?

Last line could omit "gdext", i.e. simply:
> enable the [`experimental-wasm-nothreads`][api-cargo-features] feature in `Cargo.toml`.

2. To support exports **both with and without thread support (recommended)**, you will need to have two separate builds, one for each mode.
Here's how this can be done:

    1. Remove `"-C", "link-args=-pthread"` from `.cargo/config.toml` so that you may conditionally enable it afterwards,
    resulting in the following updated `.cargo/config.toml` file:

        ```toml
        [target.wasm32-unknown-emscripten]
        rustflags = [
            "-C", "link-args=-sSIDE_MODULE=2",
            "-C", "target-feature=+atomics,+bulk-memory,+mutable-globals",
            "-Zlink-native-libraries=no",
            "-Cllvm-args=-enable-emscripten-cxx-exceptions=0",
        ]

>         ```

Reviewer: 3 levels of list indentation are a bit much. The top-level list could be a h3 header (`### Header`) instead.

This also saves one level of indentation.

Speaking of indentation, I think all paragraphs in the same list item should be aligned, no? Here, the toml codeblock should have the same alignment as "Remove", and on the other hand, "resulting" should, too.

Author: I've made it a header.

> Speaking of indentation, I think all paragraphs in the same list item should be aligned, no? Here, the toml codeblock should have the same alignment as "Remove", and on the other hand, "resulting" should, too.

The inconsistency with "resulting" was a mistake, sorry about that. But semantically speaking the code block should be indented, otherwise the code block interrupts the list. Visually, this manifests with the code block escaping the list item's indentation, starting all the way to the left instead of together with the list item's text.

Reviewer: Hm, so it looks like the first paragraph of a list item can start with any directly after the number `1.`, whereas subsequent paragraphs need not be aligned, but start with 1 exact indentation level (4 spaces here). Sounds good in that case :+1:

    2. Create a feature for your main crate which enables [`experimental-wasm-nothreads`][api-cargo-features] when used.
    You can do this by creating a `[features]` section in your crate's `Cargo.toml` as follows:

        ```toml
        [features]
        nothreads = ["gdext/experimental-wasm-nothreads"]
        ```

        Note that this feature should be enabled on any crates depending on gdext, so if you have more than one crate in your workspace,
        you should add the same `[features]` section above to each other crate using gdext, and then enable each crate's `nothreads` feature
        from the main crate (which provides the extension's entrypoint).

        For example, if you have a workspace with one main crate called `extension` and two other crates called `lib1` and `lib2`,
        each depending on gdext, then you may add the `[features]` section above to `crates/lib1/Cargo.toml` and `crates/lib2/Cargo.toml`,
        and then add the following to `crates/extension/Cargo.toml`:

        ```toml
        [features]
        # Ensure enabling 'nothreads' for the main crate also enables it for other crates.

>         nothreads = ["lib1/nothreads", "lib2/nothreads", "gdext/experimental-wasm-nothreads"]

Reviewer: Where possible, keep code blocks without horizontal scrollbar.

For symbols/features, I typically use backticks, not apostrophes :slightly_smiling_face: 
```suggestion
        [features]
        # Ensure that enabling `nothreads` for the main crate also enables
        # it for other crates.
        nothreads = [
            "lib1/nothreads", 
            "lib2/nothreads", 
            "gdext/experimental-wasm-nothreads"
        ]
```

        web.release.threads.wasm32 = "res://../rust/target/wasm32-unknown-emscripten/release/{YourCrate}.threads.wasm"
        web.debug.wasm32 = "res://../rust/target/wasm32-unknown-emscripten/debug/{YourCrate}.wasm"
        web.release.wasm32 = "res://../rust/target/wasm32-unknown-emscripten/release/{YourCrate}.wasm"
        ```

    4. Have two separate build commands, executed in the following order:
        1. **Building with thread support:** you must add the `-pthread` flag back manually through the `RUSTFLAGS` environment variable,
        but NOT enable the `nothreads` feature. Afterwards, you should rename the generated wasm binary, such that it can be picked up
        by the modified `.gdextension` file as a threaded build:

           ```sh
           RUSTFLAGS="-C link-args=-pthread" cargo +nightly build -Zbuild-std --target wasm32-unknown-emscripten
           mv target/debug/{YourCrate}.wasm target/debug/{YourCrate}.threads.wasm
           # On Batch (Windows), use instead: REN target\debug\{YourCrate}.wasm {YourCrate}.threads.wasm
           ```

           For a release mode build, you'd replace `debug` with `release` in the last command.

>         2. **Building without thread support:** build without the `-pthread` flag, but enabling your `nothreads` feature created in the second step.

Reviewer: Maybe consistent 1 empty line before numbered item (now item 1. has 0 lines, item 2. has 2 lines).

```admonish warning title="Known Caveats"
- Godot 4.1.3+ or 4.2+ is necessary.
- GDExtension support for Firefox requires Godot 4.3+, and can be more limited compared to Chromium-based browsers (Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge).
```

If you face problems when testing with Firefox, you may need to copy the URL of the server created by the editor, which is usually
`http://localhost:8060/tmp_js_export.html`, and open it in a Chromium-based browser such as Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge to verify

> whether it's a problem with your game or with Firefox.

Reviewer: Maybe also mention Brave here, as it got quite some popularity in dev circles in recent years...

[godot-export-templates]: https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/export/exporting_projects.html#export-menu

## Troubleshooting

> 1. Make sure `Extensions Support` is turned on when exporting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure _Extensions Support_ is turned on when exporting.
```

2. When using Godot 4.3+, `Thread Support` has to be turned on during export unless your extension supports a nothreads build,
as described in the ["Thread Support" section](#thread-support-godot-43-or-later).

> 3. If the game was exported with `Thread support` enabled (or targeting Godot 4.1 or 4.2), make sure the webserver you use to host your game supports

Reviewer: Also here, _Thread support_ in italics

Cross-Origin Isolation. Web games hosted on `itch.io`, for example, should already support this out of the box.
To test it locally, you can either use the Godot editor's built-in web game runner (shown in ["Running the webserver"](#running-the-webserver)),

> or a third-party HTTP server program such as `sfz --coi` (the flag ensures Cross-Origin Isolation is supported).

Reviewer: Maybe the `sfz --coi` part could link to the `sfz` tool?

Author: I've done it, but turns out this tool was [abandoned](https://github.com/weihanglo/sfz). I couldn't find a Rust alternative, but someone suggested `npx serve --cors` in [this StackOverflow answer](https://stackoverflow.com/a/28632834). I wonder if we should switch to that?

Reviewer: Not huge fan of requiring npm toolchain, but it's probably better than nothing :slightly_smiling_face: 

Maybe we can word it in a way like "in case you have the npm toolchain installed, `npx serve --cors` is a way to test whether Cross-Origin Isolation is supported", with a link to the SO answer.

Author: I've linked to the package itself, I think that should be enough.
